Review images documentation. (#487)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/uiReleaseNotes.rst

.. _com.microej.clibrary.llimpl(microui): https://repository.microej.com/modules/com/microej/clibrary/llimpl/microui/

Extended C Modules
""""""""""""""""""

Some C modules extend the main MicroUI C module.
They override the default implementation to use a GPU to perform some drawings.
Contrary to the main MicroUI C module, they are optional: when they are not available, the default implementation of drawings is used.
The default implementations use the Graphics Engine software algorithms.

**STM32 Chrom-ART**

The DMA2D C module `com.microej.clibrary.llimpl(display-dma2d)`_ targets the STM32 CPU that provide the Chrom-ART accelerator. 

The following table describes the accelerated features:

+----------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Feature        | Comment                                              |
+================+======================================================+

> | fill rectangle |                                                      |
> +----------------+------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw image     | ARGB8888, RGB888, RGB565, ARGB1555, ARGB4444, A8, A4 |
> +----------------+------------------------------------------------------+
> | flush (copy)   | copy of data from back buffer to frame buffer        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fill rectangle |                                                      |
+----------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw image     | ARGB8888, RGB888, RGB565, ARGB1555, ARGB4444, A8, A4 |
+----------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Flush (copy)   | Copy data from back buffer to frame buffer           |
```

+----------------+------------------------------------------------------+

> The following table describes the compatibility versions between the C module and the MicroEJ UI Packs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the version compatibility between the C module and the MicroEJ UI Packs:
```

+----------------+-----------------+
| C Module Range | UI Pack Range   |
+================+=================+
| [3.0.0-3.0.2]  | [13.3.0-13.4.1] |
+----------------+-----------------+
| [2.0.0-2.1.0]  | [13.1.0-13.2.0] |
+----------------+-----------------+
| [1.0.6-1.0.8]  | [13.0.0-13.0.7] |
+----------------+-----------------+

.. _com.microej.clibrary.llimpl(display-dma2d): https://repository.microej.com/modules/com/microej/clibrary/llimpl/display-dma2d/

**Vivante VG-Lite**

The VG-Lite C module `com.microej.clibrary.llimpl(microui-vglite)`_ targets the NXP CPU that provide the Vivante VG-Lite accelerator. 

This C module provides some drawing algorithms that are disabled by default. 

> * The rendering time of a simple shape with the GPU (time in the VG-Lite library + GPU setup time + rendering time) is more important than the direct rendering in software. To enable the hardware rendering for the simple shapes, set the define ``VGLITE_USE_GPU_FOR_SIMPLE_DRAWINGS``  in ``display_configuration.h``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The rendering time of a simple shape with the GPU (time in the VG-Lite library + GPU setup time + rendering time) is longer than with software rendering. To enable the hardware rendering for simple shapes, uncomment the definition of ``VGLITE_USE_GPU_FOR_SIMPLE_DRAWINGS``  in ``display_configuration.h``.
```

> * The rendering time of a RGB565 image on a RGB565 buffer without applying an opacity (alpha == 0xff) is more important than than the direct rendering in software (this kind of drawing consists to perform a simple memory copy). To enable the hardware rendering for the RGB565 images, set the define ``VGLITE_USE_GPU_FOR_RGB565_IMAGES``  in ``display_configuration.h``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The rendering time of an RGB565 image into an RGB565 buffer without applying an opacity (alpha == 0xff) is longer than than with software rendering (as this kind of drawing consists in performing a mere memory copy). To enable the hardware rendering for RGB565 images, uncomment the definition of ``VGLITE_USE_GPU_FOR_RGB565_IMAGES``  in ``display_configuration.h``.
```

> * According to the VG-Lite GPU revision, the transparent images ARGB8888, ARGB1555 and ARGB4444 are not compatible. The old GPU revisions don't render correctly the transparent images because the pre-multiplication of the pixel opacity is not propagated to the pixel color components. To enable the hardware rendering for the transparent images, set the define ``VGLITE_USE_GPU_FOR_TRANSPARENT_IMAGES``  in ``display_configuration.h``. Note this limitation does not concern the A8 and A4 formats.

Author: Depending on the VG-Lite GPU revision, the transparent images…

The following table describes the accelerated features:

> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | Feature                     | Comment                                                   |
> +=============================+===========================================================+
> | draw line                   | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill rectangle              | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw rounded rectangle      | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill rounded rectangle      |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw circle arc             | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill circle arc             |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw ellipse arc            | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill ellipse arc            |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw ellipse arc            | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill ellipse arc            |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw circle                 | disabled by default (see upper)                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | fill circle                 |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw image                  | RGB565, A8, A4 + ARGB8888, ARGB1555, ARGB4444 (see upper) |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick faded point      | only with fade <= 1                                       |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick faded line       | only with fade <= 1                                       |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick faded circle     | only with fade <= 1                                       |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick faded circle arc | only with fade <= 1                                       |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick faded ellipse    | only with fade <= 1                                       |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick line             |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick circle           |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick circle arc       |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw thick ellipse          |                                                           |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw flipped image          | see draw image                                            |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw rotated image          | see draw image                                            |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
> | draw scaled image           | see draw image                                            |
> +-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Feature                     | Comment                                                   |
+=============================+===========================================================+
| Draw line                   | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill rectangle              | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw rounded rectangle      | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill rounded rectangle      |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw circle arc             | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill circle arc             |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw ellipse arc            | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill ellipse arc            |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw ellipse arc            | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill ellipse arc            |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw circle                 | Disabled by default (see above)                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Fill circle                 |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw image                  | RGB565, A8, A4 + ARGB8888, ARGB1555, ARGB4444 (see above) |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick faded point      | Only with fade <= 1                                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick faded line       | Only with fade <= 1                                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick faded circle     | Only with fade <= 1                                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick faded circle arc | Only with fade <= 1                                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick faded ellipse    | Only with fade <= 1                                       |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick line             |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick circle           |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick circle arc       |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw thick ellipse          |                                                           |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw flipped image          | See draw image                                            |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw rotated image          | See draw image                                            |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
| Draw scaled image           | See draw image                                            |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------+
```

> The following table describes the compatibility versions between the C module and the MicroEJ UI Packs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the version compatibility between the C module and the MicroEJ UI Packs:
```

+----------------+-----------------+
| C Module Range | UI Pack Range   |
+================+=================+
| [3.0.0-5.0.1]  | [13.3.0-13.4.1] |
+----------------+-----------------+
| [1.0.0-2.0.0]  | [13.1.0-13.3.0] |
+----------------+-----------------+

> The following table describes the compatibility versions between the C module and the VG-Lite libraries (officially supported):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table describes the version compatibility between the C module and the VG-Lite libraries (officially supported):
```
